Message-ID: <517D5BFF.7060109@pobox.com>
Date: Sun, 28 Apr 2013 10:27:27 -0700
From: "Michael G. Schwern" <schwern@pobox.com>
To: Todd Rinaldo <todd@rinaldo.us>
Subject: CoC Complaint apeiron and kyriel

This is a CoC complaint against apeiron and kyriel.

apeiron is an irc.perl.org admin.

kyriel has ops in #yapc on irc.perl.org.

Melissa Chavez is capnleela and our volunteer coordinator.

#yapc is the official YAPC IRC channel.

As I understand it, she was told by YAPC planners to go to #yapc to
discuss the banquet location.

Both were extremely hostile towards Melissa Chavez in channel when she
tried to do her job as YAPC Volunteer Coordinator and raise an important
issue.  Neither respected her position or treated the discussion with
respect.  Both made extremely personal attacks.

apeiron threatened to disconnect Melissa from the whole network merely
for mentioning, in his opinion, too many people (all YAPC planners and
relevant to the conversation) in a chat line.  He claimed this was a
rule, but refused to show where it was posted.  (I have never heard of
this rule).

kyriel kicked Melissa.

kyriel kicked noirin merely for joining the channel.

I was not on channel when this happened.  Melissa contacted me for
advice and to intervene.

When I contacted apeiron about this in private, he immediately laid into
me and Melissa.  He was extremely rude and curt and refused to discuss
the matter.  I felt we could exert no control over the channel if
apeiron didn't want us to.  I feel he will make up and enforce whatever
rules he likes whenever he is upset.  I also felt he would answer to
nobody but you.

In addition, apeiron refused to give me a copy of the #YAPC logs.  He
refused to even acknowledge I'd asked.  The deal we had with mst was
irc.perl.org would provide public channel logs on request.

As I understand it, this all happened on the 26th and 27th.  I contacted
apieron on the 27th.  I have attached logs of the public channel for the
27th and my conversation with apeiron.

Schwern
